today i'm going to explain a crime
mystery film called wild things filled
to the brim with deception and betrayal
this film proves that people don't
always turn out to be who they say they
are spoilers ahead watch out and take
care
for the charming guidance counselor sam
lombardo carnal abuse is something the
seniors of blue bay high school should
know about to educate the students sam
invites detectives ray duquette and
gloria perez to give a lecture about the
matter as ray introduces himself and his
partner one of the students susie toller
shows hostility toward him and rudely
walks out of the auditorium after the
lecture sam and the detective see susie
immediately walk away as soon she spots
them rey informs gloria that he busted
susie the previous year for possession
while sam adds that she spent six months
in camp nine although susie's reaction
is understandable it's a wonder why
she's too nasty towards rey considering
the fact that she's the one in the wrong
suzy must have felt that she was
wrongfully jailed or maybe there's more
to the story of her arrest than the
detective lets on at the school entrance
sam thanks the detectives for coming to
their school and as they get to their
car gloria notes how ray doesn't seem to
like sam
rey implies that sam has a thing for
school girls and gloria teases him that
she won't mind sleeping with the
guidance counselor before the lecture
most of the girl students aren't
embarrassed to show their interest in
sam it is clear enough that sam is
popular among them which explains rey's
coldness towards him it's not that ray
is jealous but he thinks sam is a
womanizer who would even prey on his
students a possible threat
one day kelly van ryan approaches sam
after he's gone sailing with his student
jimmy obviously flirting kelly asked the
guidance counselor if she and her friend
can wash his jeep for the senior car
wash and sam says they can
she then asks sam if he can give her a
ride home saying her mother was supposed
to pick her up but didn't show up
here kelly shows that she isn't afraid
to go after what she wants which is sam
she doesn't even mind teasing him in
front of another student proving that
she pays no mind to what others think
sam seems reluctant to do it so he
offers jimmy a ride too they then see
susie trying to fix her car on their way
out of the campus and sam asks if she
needs a lift home however kelly pisses
susie off by insulting the way she's
dressed and once her car is fixed suzie
flips them off with kelly getting
dropped off her mom sandra comes out of
the balcony wearing a bikini to kelly's
irritation sandra asks sam if he'd like
to have a drink with her inside but sam
politely refuses and quickly drives away
sandra's way of talking to sam indicates
they used to be romantically involved
and kelly doesn't even bother hiding her
annoyance she's probably irate that she
has to compete with her mother for sam's
attention but sam isn't even interested
in them
on sunday kelly gets to washing sam's
jeep she then enters the house without
sam's permission and as she stands there
and drips water on the floor she looks
at sam salaciously later on kelly comes
out of the house looking upset with her
hair and clothes disheveled when kelly
comes out of the house it's hard to
determine if something really happened
to her because there's no proof or
witness her earlier behavior her
disheveled appearance and the upset look
on her face are telling completely
different things the next day as sandra
spends the day in bed with frankie she
receives a call from kelly's school
informing her that her daughter was
absent she quickly asks sam if he's
heard from kelly but sam doesn't know
where she is as they talk sandra hears
her daughter outside skeet shooting so
she tells sam she's already found her
she then tells him that it was nice
seeing him the other day but sam isn't
in the mood for her games and just ends
the call when sandra asks her daughter
why she skipped school kelly starts
crying and says she misses her dad
though sandra sympathizes with her
daughter all she could tell her is that
she isn't sure why her father killed
himself as kelly continues to cry she
confesses that sam lombardo violated her
of course it's only natural that sandra
will quickly believe anything kelly says
though they don't always see things eye
to eye sandra is still a mother who is
protective of her daughter but things
aren't quite adding up and if only
sandra had spent more time with her
daughter and less time with her lover
then maybe she would see right away if
kelly's lying or not wasting no time
sandra contacts rey and gloria informing
them of what happened to her daughter as
gloria records her statement kelly
starts recounting the events at sam's
house
according to her sam started rubbing her
shoulders and she let him because he was
a nice guy the next thing she knew sam's
hand was already in her shorts from
behind despite her protests sam had her
hands pinned behind her and repeatedly
urged her to just let it happen when sam
suddenly stopped he insulted her by
saying no little girl could ever make
him finish
once rey gloria and bryce hunter are
done watching kelly's recorded
confession gloria deduces that nothing
happened between sam and kelly gloria
believes kelly was just acting because
she was disappointed that sam didn't
come on to her when she wanted him to
gloria then suggests they make kelly
take a polygraph test but rey opposes
saying that her lawyer tom baxter will
cut her down gloria gets mad that rey
won't back her up and as they argue
price tells them to start with the
investigation it's difficult to explain
how gloria immediately concluded that
kelly was lying it may come from her
experience as a detective to quickly
tell if a person is telling the truth or
not but since they lack any physical
evidence gloria is right to call for a
lie detector test for kelly however they
live in a place where even the
authorities are afraid of powerful and
wealthy people like sandra van ryan and
tom baxter unfortunately for them kelly
is a van ryan
after learning about kelly's accusations
and that sandra is pushing for his
suspension sam gets mad and asks arty
why the board would decide without
hearing his side first feeling sorry for
him artie tells him to just wait until
his name is cleared but sam won't hear
him out sam believes that no one ever
gets cleared from an accusation like
that adding that it will follow him
wherever he goes ardy then advises him
to hire a lawyer but he isn't sure where
to find one who would agree to go up
against the van ryans in court another
proof that money can buy anything sandra
uses her influence to convince the board
to suspend sam without going through due
process artie who has a position in
school can't even do anything about it
which is even more upsetting because he
knows what they're doing to sam isn't
fair after some time sam hires ken
bowden to defend him against the van
ryans when sam insists that he's just
kelly's guidance counselor and nothing
more bowden assures him he's got nothing
to worry about even though most people
are afraid to go up against someone more
powerful than them there are still few
who are willing to do what's right and
one of them is ken bowden bowden isn't
scared to face the van ryans in court
but instead he considers it to be a
challenge
that night sam goes to a local bar to
drink before going home as he drives he
notices a vehicle following him it bumps
into his jeep until he goes over the
swamp bleeding sam manages to get out of
his jeep but the driver who turns out to
be frankie punches him and starts
beating him up the next day bowden goes
to sam's house and gets startled when
sam comes out with a gun pointed at him
sam quickly apologizes and invites
bowdoin inside the house where he
informs him that frankie condo attacked
him and was driving sandra's range rover
bowden wants him to go to the cops and
make a statement but sam refuses saying
he doesn't need any more trouble from
sandra confident that they'll win
against the van ryan's bowdoin brings up
the time when kelly ran away from home
and stayed in a motel to get high after
her father killed himself bowden then
says the authorities haven't taken his
statement yet because they're still
looking for dirt which they won't find
when bowden looks at sam and asks for
confirmation sam simply says he doesn't
sleep with his students
once again sam's beating proves that
sandra can do whatever she wants with
him she can even have sam killed if she
wants to but of course she'd rather see
her daughter's violator suffer first and
while sam's punishment is already
preceding the verdict bowden isn't a
verse to playing dirty himself which is
clear when you mention kelly's breakdown
one day ray and gloria visit suzy and
her grandmother ruby since susie called
them after finding out that sam isn't
arrested yet suzy admits that sam forced
himself on her about a year ago in her
trailer as the detectives question her
susie starts getting upset and
aggressive but she still manages to tell
them that once sam stopped he said that
no little girl could make him finish
with her statement matching kelly's sam
is immediately arrested though sam
vehemently insists that he's innocent
bowden only tells him that he's
preaching to the choir things are
definitely looking bleak for sam with
another victim coming forward and
unknowingly corroborating kelly's story
by repeating what she said there's
little room for doubt with his crime
though it's easy to fault susie for not
coming forward earlier these things are
difficult to report it's just easier for
people like kelly who's already rich and
powerful
before the trial sandra and baxter tell
the press that they're confident sam
will get what he deserves however susie
breaks under bowden's questioning and
admits to court that sam didn't really
defile her she says she was just pissed
at him for not bailing her out of jail
when she was arrested for narcotics
possession leaving everyone in court in
disbelief as she continues to confess
susie also tells the court that sam
didn't sleep with kelly either kelly's
just in love with him and wants to get
back at him for sleeping with sandra
humiliated and enraged kelly gets up and
throws a glass at susie but she's
immediately taken away before she could
cause more damage after the fiasco at
court bowden celebrates as he plans to
file a lawsuit against sandra a case of
jealousy and betrayal susie and kelly
are desperate girls who are willing to
ruin a man's life just to avenge their
wounded egos the girls are lucky the
judge doesn't punish them for committing
perjury but bowden isn't the type to let
that kind of scheme slide it is only
fair that sam demands compensation for
what he went through because after all
the money he'll get won't even be enough
to pay for the damages the girls have
done to his life after bowdoin set up a
meeting with baxter and sandra sam
finally gets his settlement pay and
bowdoin tells him to enjoy the money
later that day sam goes back to school
to retrieve his belongings as he is
about to leave sam bumps into kelly who
is infuriated that sandra is using her
trust fund to pay sam kelly attacks sam
in front of everyone repeatedly hitting
him with a book while screaming about
how much she hates him once kelly is
taken away sam tells artie that he
couldn't come back to school even though
he wanted to kelly's outburst only
proves how bitter she is and she doesn't
even hesitate to make a scene in front
of everyone it is a pity that sam won't
be able to go back to his work this only
proves that he was right when he said
that being accused of committing carnal
abuse isn't something that would just go
away that night sam goes to a hotel
after losing his house where he finds
kelly waiting for him it is then
revealed that it's their plan to get
money from sandra all along when susie
comes out too she asks how much is 8.5
million divided among them after some
celebrating he reminds them that the
three of them can't ever be seen in one
place before they start to make out and
sleep together this just proves that
people aren't always what they appear to
be
sam lombardo a respected guidance
counselor turns out to be a manipulative
schemer at this point it shows that he's
the mastermind of getting money from
sandra and kelly and susie are clearly
under his spell at the station ray tells
gloria that he believes sam has hatched
the elaborate plan of taking money from
sandra using kelly and susie he then
starts following sam determined to prove
that his theory is correct rey has never
liked sam but the former guidance
counselor has never hurt anyone so he
can only despise him from a distance
one day ray approaches kelly as she
finishes swimming to ask what she susie
and sam plan to do with the money
playing innocent kelly pretends to be
clueless but rey doesn't buy it he says
the truth will eventually come out and
it's susie who will eventually ruin them
rey visits suzy next and apologizes for
what happened to her friend davey he
then gives susie a piece of paper that
shows sam's recent bank activities
revealing that he has just transferred
the settlement money to an offshore
account ray also adds that sam has just
put a down payment on island property
and a lease to buy on a sailboat when he
points out that susie is into sailing
susie plays dumb and asks why he's
telling her all that angry ray snaps at
her and asks if she actually expects
kelly and sam to share the money with
her wanting to be left alone susie tries
to walk out but rey catches her by the
arm and warns her to keep a close eye on
kelly and sam a smart move on ray's part
he tries to turn kelly and susie against
each other seeing that susie is
high-strung ray plays his card right by
making susie doubt her accomplices and
during their confrontation it is also
revealed that susie's anger towards rey
roots from something he did to her
friend davey while the two don't go into
details about it it is clear that susie
is deeply hurt by it upset susie call
sam once rey is gone but fails to reach
him she then goes to kelly's house to
tell her what happened clueless that rey
is following her susie gets mad that
kelly contacted sam and as they talk she
receives a call from the former guidance
counselor sam asks kelly if susie is
with her and when kelly confirms it sam
instructs her to calm her friend down he
then says he'll handle everything before
asking kelly to get susie so they can
both listen to what he has to say
meanwhile rey stays hidden as he records
a video of kelly and susie sam tells
them to watch out for rey before
reminding susie not to fall apart when
the call ends susie accuses kelly of
double-crossing her but kelly denies it
then insults her even more upset susie
slaps kelly for trying to touch her
taken aback kelly slaps susie too before
grabbing her by the hair and dragging
her to the pool there kelly tries to
drown susie but susie manages to break
free from her as she swims towards the
stairs kelly grabs her by the leg and
realizes that susie really is scared
eventually calming down the girls start
kissing and as they make out ray
continues to record them in spite of the
scheming they took part in kelly and
susie are just volatile young girls sam
must have realized this and this makes
them easy pickings for exploitation on
one hand you have kelly who's still hung
up on her father's death while not
receiving enough attention from her
mother then there's susie who's clearly
a troubled girl with her own string of
problems financial and otherwise being
the guidance counselor you'd think that
sam would do his job and actually give
them guidance and counsel but instead he
fools around with both their bodies and
kelly's trust fund the next day ray
shows the footage to his colleagues but
bryce isn't happy that rey went to the
van ryan's property without
authorization and unfortunately the
audio from the recording is
unintelligible so they can't hear the
girls talking about sam though bryce
warns about sandra suing for invasion of
privacy rey is unmoved and reveals that
he brought sam in for questioning sam is
furious and he threatens to sue them
next time rey drags him to the station
when he's free to go sam insults rey
then takes his leave
after some time kelly takes a drunk and
susie by the beach where sam is waiting
for them he tells suzy that he wants
them to celebrate one last time before
they split up and she agrees however
when sam orders kelly to get a blanket
from her mom's car he repeatedly attacks
susie with a bottle of champagne
after that sam and kelly wrap susie's
body in plastic before loading her to
the back of the range rover sam then
casually wipes the blood off his face
before going to the swamp to dispose of
susie's body kelly is visibly shaken
after hearing susie screams but it is
unclear if she's aware of sam's plan to
kill the girl right from the beginning
maybe she thought they were really just
going to celebrate by the beach or maybe
she deliberately lured susie there so
sam could take her out of the equation
after all susie's death means more money
for kelly and sam
and since susie's the weakest link
having her gone would make them feel
safer
rayne and gloria then investigate
susie's disappearance ray asserts that
kelly and sam are responsible for it
then asks gloria to check on susie's car
for him meanwhile ray goes to the beach
with jimmy where the boy shows him the
spot where he and susie used to hang out
as he investigates the place ray finds
traces of blood on an old boat and teeth
in the dirt ray then calls his
colleagues and the forensic team to show
them where susie was killed since
there's no body ray believes that sam
has dumped susie in the swamp after
learning that susie's car has been found
at the bus terminal ray insists that sam
is behind everything and that kelly will
be next however bryce tells rey to get
off the case and warns him not to go
near sam but as soon as he's out of
earshot ray asks gloria to keep an eye
on sam and in exchange he will drop the
investigation if the teeth are not
susie's although rey won't show it he
must be thrilled that he'll finally be
able to nail sam susie doesn't mean a
thing to him anyway and her
disappearance just gives rey a chance to
go after the former guidance counselor
ray is so confident that sam is the
culprit that he isn't even looking for
other suspects however gloria doesn't
feel the same way and thinks her partner
is mistaken about sam gloria does as
she's told and watches sam while on the
other hand sam receives a call from
kelly the girl is panicking but sim
assures her that they'll be fine as long
as they stick to their plan he then
reminds kelly to stay at the guest house
before going outside to talk to gloria
after informing him that susie's missing
she asks him where he was the previous
night ray smoothly evades the question
that invites gloria to his room there he
gives her kelly's file which shows her
history of violence kelly has once
threatened the lives of sandra and susie
and as sam tells gloria more about
kelly's anger issues he implies that
kelly might be responsible for susie's
disappearance trying to seduce gloria
sam claims that he didn't tell them
about it during the trial because he had
principles back then but not anymore he
then tells gloria to leave and gloria
calls rey to tell him she's going home
and that sam is gone pissed rey informs
her that the blood found on the scene
matches susie's to this gloria just
tells him that if susie really is dead
then bryce might be on the right track
about kelly unfortunately the keen eye
and sharp with that gloria had when
calling crap on kelly's victim statement
is now nowhere to be found perhaps susie
had it with her when she was killed to
be more accurate though gloria just
finds him hot with how sandra and sam
have been finessing everyone it just
goes to show that the strongest forces
in the world are big dollar bills and
attractive scheming men but the third
strongest force happens to be the ego of
a detective with a hunch so it's
anyone's guess as to what will win out
in the end worried about kelly ray goes
to the van ryan's residence to look for
her when rey enters the house he is
greeted by an agitated kelly who wants
to know why he's there the two then
engage in a struggle and after three
shots are fired ray comes out of the
house injured seeing the officer on the
ground sandra rushes inside and screams
upon finding kelly's body at the station
ray recounts how kelly attacked and shot
him in the shoulder and he claims that
he had no choice but to return fire
because of this ray is eventually fired
from the force for insubordination after
finding susie's blood in sandra's range
rover the police department concludes
that susie was murdered by kelly
after susie's disappearance and kelly's
death it is later revealed that sam and
rey have been working together all along
although sam is upset that ray killed
kelly he agrees with his partner when he
says that they don't have any more loose
ends since the bank will take two more
days to complete the money transfer ray
decides to stay when you open up a
russian matryoshka doll you'll find a
smaller doll inside it and when you open
that smaller doll you'll just find
another one inside it too that's what
the tale of rey and sam is just when the
story thread is unknotted a new twist
shows up later on the two are sailing
when sam suddenly attacks ray as ray
leans over the railing sam suddenly
steers the wheel causing ray to fall
overboard however ray manages to hold on
to the boat and he attacks sam who
pretends to be clueless as the men fight
each other susie suddenly appears
she's actually alive and she's sporting
a new hairdo with a spear gun the girl
quickly shoots rey in the leg ray asks
for sam's help but sam ignores him
saying he shouldn't have killed kelly
and susie's friend davey suzy then
shoots him again and ray goes overboard
once more susie and sam then watch ray
as he bleeds struggling to stay afloat
at this point it would just be easier to
assume that the entire town is in on sam
scheme the man is a master class in
deception and susie is unbelievable
herself after all the girl had her death
fate just to have a bigger share in the
millions sometime later on gloria visits
ruby to talk about rey ruby informs her
that ray used to have a relationship
with one of the girls over at the glades
and davey had a crush on her one time
did he caught ray beating the girl so
ray killed him susie however witnessed
everything so ray busted susie and sent
her to jail for six months just to prove
that he could she then reveals to gloria
that rey got sandra's mom pregnant with
susie making sandra and susie
half-sisters when sandra's mom died ruby
took in susie and raised her like her
own granddaughter before gloria leaves
she sees ruby's son walter tending to
susie's boat gloria is surprised that
susie can sail and walter tells her that
susie's iq is above 200. another
unexpected revelation is that susie is
actually kelly's half an gloria who's
been partners with ray for quite some
time now clearly doesn't know that he's
a dirty detective he's been abusing his
power ever since and he's had no
problems covering up his deeds meanwhile
susie who's been portrayed as a teen
with no future at all is actually a
genius unfortunately she's forced to use
her wits to do bad things just to
survive back at the boat susie poisoned
sam and knocks him overboard it is then
revealed that susie is the one who
hatched the plan of getting money from
sandra initially she blackmailed sam by
showing him his pictures with kelly in
bed she's also the one who instructed
sam to befriend ray and involve him in
her scheme and later on she forced sam
to pull out two of her teeth however sam
couldn't do it so she did it herself it
is also revealed that ray killed kelly
and planted the gun in her hand before
shooting himself to make it look like a
struggle after some time bowdoin meets
with susie and gives her the money they
got from sandra he informs her that he's
already set aside the money for ruby and
walter and of course his fee
as susie walks away with the cash bowden
reminds her to be good
susie must have waited long to get her
scheme into motion because what she did
required insane patience and elaborate
planning to say that susie is smart is
an understatement for she has
successfully eliminated everyone in her
path to get the money she is also
cunning enough to cover her tracks
making sure that nothing goes back to
her for the final twist in the story
bowden's involvement in susie's plan
shows that one can easily get what they
want if they just know which side to
take
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching